Now get a past a lot of information about how her routing works and next steps and how next creates
the route conflict based on your folder structure.
Let's dive into some other folders we saw in the project the layouts and the components folder.
And let's also understand what the difference between layouts pages and components is.
When do you use which And how do they work together.
So we haven't had a look at it yet.
We'll have in a second but the layout is your main wrapping element on the page you could say you have
a layout in your next app and every page is loaded into debt.
Lay out the layout allows you to define a frame both from a styling perspective as well as regarding
some shared functionality like a shared header and you can have multiple layouts so you can create multiple
layouts for different parts of your page.
Now the page is on the average and can for one have nested pages but can also use components.
These ordinary normal view components which in a next project you would store in the components folder.
These are normal components and they are re-usable.
So one component can be used in multiple pages or just in one whatever you need.
This is how these free things work together.
Now let's have a look at them step by step over the next lectures.